1.1 The elevator has been around for ten years.
1.2 It's been a decade since the elevator was installed.
1.3 This elevator has been in operation for ten years.
2.1 Won't you go away?
2.2 Why don't you leave?
2.3 Aren't you going to move away?
3.1 One of the undergraduate students stepped forward and asked.
3.2 A student from the undergraduate group came forward to inquire.
3.3 Among the undergraduates, one person stepped up to ask.
4.1 Minsu pushed the money from his wallet towards Deokho.
4.2 Minsu slid the money out of his wallet and pushed it in front of Deokho.
4.3 From his wallet, Minsu took out some money and placed it in front of Deokho.
5.1 "We should stop here, why bother coming all the way here?"
5.2 "We might as well stop, why did you even come here?"
5.3 "It's time to stop, why did you come here unnecessarily?"
6.1 He was surprised to see that the person he was looking for turned out to be his friend.
6.2 To his surprise, he realized the person he was seeking was his comrade.
6.3 On a closer look, he was astonished to find that it was the friend he was searching for.
7.1 Shincheol walked into the room, smelling something old-fashioned and intense.
7.2 Entering the room, Shincheol sensed a strong, outdated smell.
7.3 Shincheol entered the room, overwhelmed by an intense, antiquated odor.
8.1 Youngshin's jacket was worn like a scrubbing brush, and her skirt pleats were completely flattened.
8.2 The state of Youngshin's jacket resembled a scrubber, with her skirt pleats utterly flattened.
8.3 Youngshin's jacket looked as worn as a scrubber, and her skirt's pleats were all smoothed out.
9.1 They welcomed Youngshin as if she were part of their own family.
9.2 They received Youngshin warmly, treating her like a family member.
9.3 Welcoming Youngshin enthusiastically, they treated her as if she were a member of their own family.
10.1 I will live my youth to the fullest, in a way that I cannot return to in my lifetime.
10.2 I'm determined to live out my youth fully, a period of my life I'll never get back.
10.3 I intend to experience my youth to its fullest, knowing these days won't return in my lifetime.
11.1 Looking out, I saw people rushing about as a fire broke out in a house down the hill.
11.2 From my view, I noticed a fire at a house below the hill, with people running around in commotion.
11.3 Observing from afar, I saw a fire ignite in a house below the hill, causing a stir among the people.
12.1 Fortunately today, I have at least a cigarette butt to smoke, so I don't have to spit out my saliva.
12.2 Today, luckily, I have a cigarette end to puff on, so I'm not spitting saliva.
12.3 Today, I'm fortunate to have even a cigarette stub to smoke, saving me from constantly spitting saliva.
13.1 Even if it's my own flesh and blood, I can't peek into that guy's mind.
13.2 It's impossible to look into the heart of that person, even if they are of my own flesh.
13.3 If he were born from my own belly, still, it would be necessary to be able to look inside his mind.
14.1 When I returned, I found Chunwoo had come, laid out a place to sleep, and was deeply asleep.
14.2 Upon my return, I discovered Chunwoo had arrived, set up a sleeping spot, and was sound asleep.
14.3 Coming back, I saw Chunwoo had visited, prepared a bed, and was fast asleep.
15.1 I will make you and the woman enemies, as well as your descendants and hers.
15.2 I will ensure enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers.
15.3 You and the woman will be enemies, and so will your descendants and hers.